changes log for MTM-57096 (#1787)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/ui-c8y-1019-4-0-rc-6-restriction-on-role-changes-for-users-managed-by-sso-server.md

---
date: ""

> title: Restriction on role changes for users managed by SSO server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Restriction on role changes for users managed by SSO server
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: q3kclF6pO
    label: Authentication
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-57096
version: 1019.4.0-rc.6
---

> The administrator cannot change the roles of a user managed by the SSO server if they are updated during each login.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The administrator can no longer change the roles of a user managed by the SSO server if they are updated during each login.
```

> The administrator can no longer change the roles of a user managed by the SSO server if they are updated during each login.

Reviewer 2: > I think we need to elaborate this a bit, something like this: The administrator can no longer change the global roles and inventory roles of a user managed by the SSO server if they are updated during each login selected in access mapping of sso configuration
